since the birth of my channel I've been
on a quest to find the best puzzle game
on Steam and recently I found this which
is free overwhelmingly positive and
players like me love this game so hello
fellow engineers and welcome to 20 small
mazes and it looks like the game menu is
a maze all right so down there we have
options credits and quit so let's go
this way these little blue things click
and drag with the mouse to move maze oh
oh look under here solve this to start a
new game okay hang on let me carry on
with this one so where does do that says
click on a ma to start solving it yep
got that and then the very last one new
game move the game menu after the way to
continue okay I'm one step ahead so
that's pretty good so we've got to solve
this to start a new game so I guess we
just well we just walk all the way
around oops I don't know why I did a
dead end there pretty obvious that
wasn't the weit yeah then we get down
here and we can go to save three oh my
goodness are you no are these all oh
these are all mazes oh my goodness
there's a lot of maage going on right
now so I'm guessing there's 20 mazes
here and we've got to solve them all so
first one fold maze able what what have
we got down the bottom oh press space to
fold ah it's a foldable maze ah okay so
I think if I take my little man if we
walk over to that then we press space
yeah then we can get over to this side
and then we can unfold and then we can
go over here probably probably over to
that point yeah cuz then we can come
around that area and then over here we
can go over that bit from here Fold It
Again go to there fold it again this is
really cool so if we go from that point
I reckon yeah to this point unfold go
around do I go all the way up I feel
like this early one is going to be like
it's trying to make it simple for you so
from the oh no I've just no I just
unfolded myself from existence so yeah
don't fold when you're in the middle cuz
that's pretty sketchy anyway from this
point if I go to there yes I am sort of
in the middle but yeah I'm still over on
one side so I think we can come over to
here and then fold there and then we've
made it's the end nice we're through the
door oh and that's one puzzle
disappeared so now we just have to solve
the other 20 let's try this one cloudy
date so I start there we've got to get
to the middle so working backwards we've
got to get to there I guess how do these
clouds work they like portals hang on so
I went into that one I came out the one
at the bottom so if I go into this one
oh you just come out like the opposite
one okay so from the middle if we work
back we've got to get to that cloud so I
think that cloud is this Cloud so if we
follow that we've got to get to that
cloud which is opposite over there so
then from that cloud we've either got to
get to this one or that one oh man it's
getting quite complicated now oh no look
cuz look my mouse is that cloud and
opposite is down there so from this
point we can literally go to that one
which should come out at the top yes and
then I think my memory should allow me
to
solve this no not that one was it this
one yeah we came out this one on the
right so if we go all the way down will
come out the one on the top oh I'm
actually quite clever I reckon maybe not
Maybe not maybe that was just fluk but I
feel clever and that's what games like
this are good at anyway what is this
we've got like half of a well half a
treasure map dig halfway to the Ed oh
look down the bottom is that the other
half of it so if we shove that on top
boo oh almost B come on line it up line
it up easy easy does it dig halfway to
the X how do I dig I can't move space
bar does nothing do I just need to like
click halfway is that like there is no
I'm not actually sure now let me just
count these squares so 1 2 3 4 5 33 so
if I go 16 squares it will be the 17th
so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 so I think that is
half weight so how do I how do I dig oh
or is it something weird like I I do
something like that no I don't I not
sure on the treasure map maybe that's
one we'll come back to let's try the
combination Vault right so what do we
have here we have the vault presumably
we then have a maze and then we've got
this down here which is meat so I could
go solve the maze remember we start in
the bottom left but what I'm thinking
we're just going to get stuck there
right so if we oh look oh we're leaving
like Trails behind us why are they there
I don't know what they do so oh they
don't actually lead me anywhere so hang
on we got that bit doesn't go down
doesn't go over there doesn't seem to go
past that point does it go over hang on
is it hang on I'm just wondering is that
a number but we try to do this so it's
all in one goes ready ready ready ready
ready that's a five isn't it oh look
look above these so these numbers they
have like areas so top left five that's
got to be how it works right so is there
another one in the bottom yeah there is
there is okay so we got that bit it
doesn't go doesn't go that that's going
to be a four okay so bottom left is that
one so that's got to be a four i' I've
I've solved this I've actually solved
this actually can I like solve these
without even looking that's going to be
a three I reckon oh no it isn't it isn't
oh o it what it's flat on the bottom
then it goes up oh is it a one bottom
right is one yeah it's a one okay and
then top right nine I'm going to say
it's a nine let's gamble yes a nine nice
I could just tell it was a nine like
just from the shape of like the layout
cool so yeah the vaults moved over which
means we can solve that that was cool
this is how you beat the game ah that
bar just filled up all right anyway this
one you are the maze oh I'm the maze oh
we got to get two little blobs in wait
actually where do we need to get them
there's no we for them to go where are
they meant to go do we just need to like
pass through or something I'm not
entirely sure where we're going if I'm
honest but I am the oh have I got to get
over to there that's the exit isn't it
wait but am I moving I'm not moving the
exit I don't know how we get over to
that still looks like yeah I can shove
like one outside come back in go like up
to there along here am I just trying to
get this over to the door probably I
mean well now I'm thinking couldn't I
have just taken like all of these
outside or right oh you're out then you
can go back in there that way where are
we trying to get to so the top one is
now out no top one's back in again oh
hang on hang on that one's out now I can
get this one oh no I can't I can't
actually go lower than the screen
thankfully though I can go all the way
this way so it pops out there then move
that up yes to the exit there must be a
fairly simple way to solve this I don't
know doing something like is it not
going to be putting it in like a weird
spot yeah it doesn't seem to work at all
unfortunately yeah I don't really know
what else we got oh we do oh we have a
treasure chest that's got a key on it
could that be something to do with a
treasure map oh actually look what's
what's this one down here treasure
treasure oh here we go here we go buried
treasure there should be a map around
here somewhere I have the map I have the
map uh press space to dig oh okay so we
already worked out where the middle was
it was like wasn't it that one there so
if I go down down down down I think that
was the middle yes there's the exit oh
nice oh we solved it that's cool oh look
there's a key is that a key for the
chest yes you found a coin click and
hold to pick up hang on I can see
there's like a map in the background
wait what's going on oh oh did I just
solve it I guess I just solved it wa a
here we go a puzzle for an engineer
under construction so press Zed to undo
press R to reset where are we oh we're
in a little digger oh I can destroy oh I
can't destroy infinitely I thought I
could just like Go full on destruction
uh let's reset then so yeah these lives
up the top that's how many blocks I can
destroy so we've got to get down to the
bottom so basically I just need to find
a way to get there only destroying four
blocks so I don't think it's going up
there it's going to be coming back this
way so that'll be one this is quite
tricky actually I really need to think
about what way I want to go so if I went
down there and then just come around
here I can get to this area then I've
got two remain oh that is actually it
that is actually it we go that way and
then we just go through there oh we did
it we did it engineering puzzling for
the win so what is this one gravity
points down so we are this little green
blob here so if we go oh my goodness
okay so as we go into a green arrow the
entire thing flips so I guess we go to
the next one and then the next one and
do we just keep moving till we get to an
arrow oh no so here we have a choice do
we go left or do we go right I think if
I go right that will just return me back
to where I was so we'll go left we go
that way so we've come down here oh my
goodness there's a lot of twiddling
going on right so this point I then want
to drop down then I can only go there
that way right and then from here it
gets a bit tricky where am I trying to
get to again I'm so confused oh actually
that's the bottom down there so I've got
to get into this chamber like this
Corridor around the top so I've got to
get to there if I just go left oh no I
thought I could just walk back I forgot
I stood on an arrow right how I got to
get to that wall basically so I think
I've got to get up to that Arrow I'm
getting really confused I think I just
got to go through it and just sort of
see what happens so we'll jump off there
we should end up back where we were but
then we can go that way and then over
here to there oh and then if I drop in
that one I can then drop off left and
then I'm on the area that I wanted to be
on cuz then I can drop down to the
corridor and then I should just fall all
the way yeah we are falling all the way
to where I wanted to be we're now in
this treasure chamber um and there's
quite a bit going on in here so we got
to get down to the door over there so if
we go that way we end up there you can
then drop off no point going left so
I'll just go to that point yeah then
we've we've done like one step so
basically just keep doing similar I
guess here's going to be Carnage I think
the map's just going to spin loads and
this point I want to go into that one so
I end up down here then to there then if
I drop down to the very bottom corner
yeah we can just go all the way around
we made it oh that was that was quite a
cool puzzle all right we then got this
little guy here the exit is like right
there man okay so that's us that's the
exit oh I jump over yeah so we always
jump a square but the arrows like move
us one so when we land on an arrow we
move one Whatever Direction it's facing
so basically we've just got to try and
use that to get to where we want to oh
and annoyingly I keep ending up here I
need to try and land on that square I
think no I don't know actually where do
I want to land oh yeah what if we go
right here then we're going up we
haven't been up yet so this is New
Territory so from this point we can jump
there go down oh no I'm not sure we're
just going to go back to where we were
oh this is hard and where do I need to
end up I need to end up on that square
right I think that's the only way I can
get to the exit so if I just keep my
mouse there that's where I want to aim
for if we could land like on that middle
spot we could do the the straight jumps
down but we can't oh if we go down that
moves us to there and then we jump that
way yes then we have done it oh that's
good oh um oh my go what is that look at
that underneath what is that puzzle I'm
very intrigued to see what's this end of
it oh that's a bone it was a bone find
the missing items scavenger hunt oh is
that that's the coin in the top right
isn't it oh so I think is this just one
we're going to build like as we complete
more levels I think so I think Let's
ignore that one for now then we'll try R
YB it's not RGB it's red yellow blue uh
space to rotate oh my goodness oh we got
three different puzzles within a puzzle
okay so as we move these I can sort of
see that spot there doesn't change if
you look where my mouse is can you see
that's always there so if we go up to
that point maybe we just look for them
each time so I can see there's one there
likewise if we move to that point that's
another one and then the next if we go
to Red and go down to that point then
we're in another one we go to Blue I
don't know if I'm explaining this very
well but basically I'm just looking like
ahead to see like where there's a spot
that doesn't change color can you see on
my mouse like that one's always clear so
if we move to there do it again I can
see that's the next one so we go to
there I feel like this is sort of
working like on my mouse that's another
point so we do yellow to get to that
point we're guessing closer where is the
actual exit oh it's on red so we got to
end up down there okay so yeah I think
the next one is there and the next one
is down that way and the next one is
here so we go to Blue o and then we're
actually at a point where I can't see a
way forward using my technique from
before yeah so I don't know if I've
actually gone the wrong way I might go
back to where I was and actually if I go
up to this point I think there's another
one down down where my mouse is there so
if we go to that point oh we are so
close to the end we've just got to get
into there oh and annoyingly there
doesn't ever seem to be like that's
always colored in where my mouse is
there so that is not the weight I'm
guessing then we've got to get to where
my mouse is there I'm not really sure
where we're going right now we're we're
very much just doing our own thing here
so I think if we go to that point we go
into red and then from Red I can change
it to Blue to head down to that point
then we go up then we change to yellow
and then oh no look how close we are
actually though if I move to that point
change it to Blue I'm safe can I move
forward at all yes change it back to
Blue move it to there and then yes we've
made it okay so we had strategy at the
start and then we just had nonsense but
it doesn't necessarily matter how you
solve a me just that you solved it what
have we got here my six-year-old Drew
this maze is that legit it does look
legit all right so start put your mouse
here to begin okay oh look I'm dragging
the I'm dragging the thing along so we
got to watch out as we come along here
for the lava Shores yeah I went into the
lava and it reset us that's quite cool
oh although if we head down this way
look there's a Shield so can we grab a
shield oh down the bottom Shield sword
magic potion okay so we got to grab all
the stuff so we now have the shield if
we head along this way we've got the
sword where is the magic potion oh over
on the bottom right keeps you safe from
the lava at the exit okay got it so if I
head back past the lava Shores man hand
eye coordination is not my strong point
by the way but yeah as we go up here
we'll just be very careful not to go
into oh look what's that ahead Goblin
need a sword and shield to defeat well I
have those so die Goblin all right and
then as we head down here magic potion
keeps you safe from the lava nice down
here oh we have the not lava oh what I
start back at that's not lava but we
start back at the start oh that's
annoying anyway I think we got a pretty
clear run to the exit we just come along
here look there's an invisible Lava Lake
up there and some blue lava let's not go
up that way but if we head down here
that is the exit B and look at the
bottom we're we're halfway to complete
it I'm going to move the scavenger hunt
one out the way oh what is behind it no
Escape so we can move this we go into
letters I can see there's another one
over that side though I don't know how
to move that am I trying to spell a word
re can I go like back on myself no so
it's not C so it's re aad oh no read
read oh this is going to be the read the
[Music]
unus oh read the unused letters it's
going to be
press
the Escape key press the Escape key yes
there's the exit oh that was actually
really decent that's well creative fa
blate I feel so clever when I get these
all right what's this one down here I
have to include a Sliding Puzzle it's
the l oh no not a Sliding Puzzle right
so yeah we can click on these to slide
us about oh no so we've got to end up
well obviously there we're in this one
we can move anywhere along here doesn't
actually seem to help me at the moment
so I guess we want to do a bit of a
little bit of shuffling so nothing there
nothing there can we get into that one
okay we're into this one I don't know if
I should like try and actually solve
this or just like wing it I'm quite good
at winging stuff right so I think I
finally worked out how to do this
basically you just got to find out like
what piece you can go into so on this
right hand side this is where I want to
come out so we've got two greens and
then a white in the top right corner so
we just got to look in the top left
corner so we could go into that one we
could also go into this one now I know I
haven't been into that one yet so maybe
that is the piece we want to aim for so
if I just try and shuffle all of these
along finally we're on this piece so
this is the piece we need to get into
but we got to get into the top obviously
so now over to the right bottom right
corner two greens then an exit so we
look in the opposite corner so bottom
left two greens exit okay so we could go
into that one we could also go into this
one now they're both identical in that
corner so it doesn't actually matter
what one we go into so if we go into
this one oh although I say it doesn't
matter maybe it does because of what
they end up like adjacent to anyway if
we enter this side we want to exit this
side so bottom left we got one two and
then the exit so we want to go from the
right one two exit so we could go into
this one oh no I'm looking in the wrong
corner it's got to be top left remember
so one two yeah we could go into that
one oh actually that's the only one we
can go into okay so let's just move all
these so we can go onto this tile we go
to this Edge so bottom right is 1 2 and
then the exit we're looking for the same
on the top right oh I was hoping it was
going to be the treasure one but that's
actually 1 2 three than the exit if we
can end up on top of that one yeah we
can go into here one two oh we're just
back to this one we've already done this
piece maybe I am doing this wrong maybe
I should try and work out where's the
middle piece to get into there so it
looks like yeah look it's this one so
we've got to get down into that corner
on this piece yeah we do that key we've
got to get to that point which means you
got to get into this one oh which means
actually if I do if I go right and then
I just shift all of these up I can get
in there I've actually I've just solved
it I've literally just solved it so we
then go into this one go all the way to
there and then that will allow us to get
into this piece here which means we're
then in the top middle which means if we
move all those over we've made it oh man
that took so long oh you found a clock
hold to pick up okay so if I hold that
does that appear in the bottom right yes
yeah look it replaces these objects with
things so if we do the same with the
book we're done so we've now got puzzle
there we've just got to find the
painting so don't see a painting
anywhere for now we will keep an eye out
though yeah for now let's try the hungry
snake so we got to eat all the dots so
where do we start okay so we start in
the bottom so oh it is actually like
snake look we get longer oh man okay
this is probably going to be bad I've
probably already gone the wrong way as
we go along here our butt is growing um
oh man I've still got to get in here
this is a dead end so I've got to try
and get back out again so I've got to
try and head into this area almost like
first cuz yeah I am trapped so let's
restart all right so remember we start
in the bottom right so what I'm thinking
we head up to this dead end area first
we got to be able to turn around so we
do that we go up there right so we've
got those sorted now we could go into
this area my only concern is will I be
able to get in and out of this end or do
I need to go like all the way up there
then come all the way back yeah what I'm
thinking this might be over complicating
but I'm going to go around I'm going to
dodge as many as I can so we're coming
down this way first but I got to try and
get around in there I've also got to get
down to this one maybe I need to do that
one first cuz this is as short as I'm
going to be so if we go up and around
like that yes we can just about get out
so then we can head back this way grab
these ones then oh just about get out I
thought I was trapped for a second okay
so I think I was right to come down and
get these first I'm going to ignore that
one there so we're going to do scenic
route here and then we've just got to
work out how to do these in a sensible
order now I think I'm actually thinking
would it make more sense to come like up
here first or have I just screwed myself
I may have just screwed myself can I get
back oh I can get back oh
you I thought I did myself then but then
like my butt's sort of out the way so do
I go that way and then try and get a
around or do I go down and try and get
around does it make a difference I'm not
sure it does let's try going this way
yes my butt's going to be out the way
yes it is just about okay so now it's
just a straight line to the end oh that
was actually quite cool and it made me
think ahead and thinking ahead did
actually work so we get to the end we've
done it we ate all the dots so we're
coming down to the final sort of puzzles
here scavenger hunt still not ready what
do we got there password reminder what
is that all about so if I move nothing
oh no something does happen down here
we're an at symbol oh so when I move I
push the asterix's about so we got to be
careful what way we push these I think
the the hashes are the walls and I can
just move on the dots so I can push them
into sort of dead end areas and then
like up I cannot get through that can I
oh unless I push two up oh no actually
if I do that and then that then I can
push one up and then we're up here and
then I can can go that way and then oh
I'm so confused and where am I even
trying to get to there's an a down there
hang on let me what if I go to the a
what does the a do oh it is just an a oh
am I like am I revealing the password I
may be revealing the passw oh over here
look enter password oh it's five digits
long oh God all we know is that there's
an A in it was that under I think that
was under one of the asteres as well oh
this is going to be confusing so what
I'm thinking I move that one there and
then I go move that one then that one
cuz then I can come this way and move
these three down question is do I want
to move like that one there might be a
letter underneath there wasn't a letter
underneath fair enough oh although no no
no cuz look I can push that one down
then that one down then move that to the
right and then I can move down where I'm
just pushing one asterisk so that's got
to go down to there so I can get out
right I still don't really know where
I'm going and what the purpose oh look
there's a d oh is that where the oh
that's where the password is I just got
to move those two out the way I think
that's what I'm doing so I got to get up
to this row here um well actually if I
if I move that to the right I can move
all of those to there push that up and
then I'm free to go up okay so this
should reveal the next letter m a d m
and then we just got to move that one
out the way I guess so I might move that
to there now cuz then I can go up push
that back then I can go oh I didn't even
need to push that back I can just go
that way and then this way okay we've
done it we've done it we made it through
and we should be able to push the final
letter so we'll push that down add me
should I try add me enter no oh no
there's got to be another letter
somewhere maybe it's maybe it's that one
there that we got to move so to get that
one I've got to end up here okay so
basically I've just got to get past this
double set of stars oh boy okay um o
actually what I could do I think if I
push like those down to there I can then
come up and like say from this point I
can push that down and then that to the
right and then that up and then yeah I'm
through I made it through oh decent okay
so if we got up here we just got to push
that up and that left admin admin yes so
now oh look I'm a little I just ho
towards the sun wee oh decent okay
that's another one solved we are close
to beast in the game all right shall we
try this unti oh no what's going on here
oh we've got like Puzzles off the puzzle
I don't know if this one's broken cuz
it's a free game it might not be
finished or where there's just crazy
stuff going on let's read the notes idea
is to have the Mis blocks with arrows
push the player when clicking on them oh
so if I click that I move okay need to
add the maze LOL also everything is
spawning in a weird place yep movement
of the player isn't working either great
add text that says he didn't even add
the text that says press said to undo or
are to restart so this one I need to
find more level so I need to add to the
maze so uh maybe shove that one to the
back for now oh look here we go we found
a painting click and hold to pick up
okay so that's the last scavenger hunt
one oh no it's not though we still got
to find a bone oh we got this one here
ping the pieces together oh no space but
rotate pieces oh I hate rotating pieces
okay so this is a corner piece so it
could go in any corner cuz yeah cuz I
can rotate it can go oh it can go
anywhere okay we'll shove it there for
now I'm not sure if that's sensible
really and another Corner okay okay so
this corner goes from like Inlet to like
the edge so maybe this one goes there
just looking at like the very outer line
it sort of lines up sort of all right so
we got these so you can see they've got
like one flat Edge so could go no
probably couldn't go there could it go
down there okay we'll try it down there
I'm I think I'm just going to have to
put these in and then sort of be what
happens afterwards so that's definitely
not a solvable puzzle so I can see that
doesn't line up so that piece definitely
doesn't go there that one could though
and it lines up with this so that looks
all right if we shove that in that does
line up until this corner so maybe that
corner doesn't go there yeah I don't
think that corner does either so if we
shove this corner up no that one doesn't
work either they all don't work balls
all right let's try a different middle
piece cuz I think this one has yeah it's
got the same sort of middle layout so oh
that lines up a bit better and then if
this corner lines up yes we've done it
okay so now we can move and we we have
solved the puzzle we've just got to W
it's really slow it's really slow come
on game I was like 10 steps ahead of you
anyway nice let's H oh what is this this
one's really long it's called climb oh
so do we start down the bottom so yeah
we start here we climb oh no we climb up
and down floors this reminds of like a
Pokmon dungeon like Team Rockets
Fortress or whatever all right we got a
choice of three here so let's do it the
proper engineering weight eeny meeny
miny mo catch an architect by its toe if
it bites Let It Go eeny meeny miny mo
okay we're going for the top one so
we're up to here we go all the way up to
the top oh wow we're all the way up the
top then down to that one and then we
got a choice here let's stay stay in the
middle then we drop down that one we
drop down this one oh we just dropped
back to where we were okay so it's
probably the bottom one that probably
means oh I can get to opposite floors I
can just go up and down the stairs twice
oh I didn't realize that I did not
realize that anyway I think we've
actually made it to where we wanted to
go now um it's just been a bit of fluke
yeah we have made it we have made it
okay so that one sorted we still got the
scavenger one we've got to find a bone
now we've also got this weird one as
well which I'm not sure about what is
that sea inside Hills oh I was going to
say maybe there's a bone but no there's
another puzzle can't move this one so we
have so where do we actually start on
this one are we going to be down that
corner no we're not where do we start oh
we're there we're there okay so let's go
this way down oh down over this way do
this bottom corner head over to the
right and then I guess we just do like
along this big loop it's quite a long
way around it and I feel like I got to
talk because if we do any sort of
editing Cuts then you guys are going to
be quite confused about the direction
that I've gone so I just need to really
keep talking and and I'm just talking
absolute nonsense uh but we made it nice
um oh what's that down there oh I found
a bone I found a bone I'll give it to
Patty if I could I love Patty go
subscribe to Patty's Channel anyway the
scavenger hunt is now completed so we
can complete this I'm a bit confused
though where am I meant to go oh the
thing there okay so we just got to go
like all the way through the maze so
that we end up at the door at the end so
this time I've got my Editor to Time
Lapse so it's happening right before my
very eyes and we made it to the end so I
talked way less nonsense that time
anyway top left corner that looks like
something o a ghost maze oh it's like
it's like a ghost from like Pac-Man so
oh look I can move it but I got to be
quick because I can't actually see cuz
it's always in the way okay so up to the
right get up along there come on come on
come on right and then along there we've
solved it we solved the ghost maze oh
there's a cloud actually does that mean
can I move the sun no I can't move the
sun oh I could put the cloud in front of
the sun does that do anything no why can
I move a cloud that's very strange all
right anyway this is our last me I
thought I was going to find like another
part of this but uh that hasn't happened
so I guess we just do what it says so we
click on these to move our little purple
blob and we've got to get over to there
oh I can click these ah okay I can click
these anywhere right hang on let's
restart then what I'm thinking maybe I
need to bring like the chest to me so if
I push yeah I can push other blocks okay
so what I'm thinking if I move this one
under that Arrow I can then move this
one under the same arrow and then I can
move them both down let me just see what
happens can I push the exit or not no
okay I can't push the exit so these are
just there to push myself not to push
the map okay so restart again and then I
guess all we got to do is try and well
just move us so we can get to there so
if we want to get to that point I think
I need to move this down move it left
once and then if I bring that over to
there I can then set up like the finish
so I'm bringing that down so that this
Arrow lines up with the exit oh I may
have done it in the wrong spot hang on
let me see yeah that's the earliest
point I can move that I can move that up
there I tell you what maybe I should
have gone like this way then maybe over
this side oh yeah let's restart I was I
was thinking ahead too far and I really
shouldn't have been I think it's a bit
simpler than I was thinking so if we
push ourselves over to that point we can
then push up to there and at this point
we're in line we just need to push this
down so I think in order to push that
down we got to push that down then push
that to the left so that the down arrow
will push our right arrow so down arrow
comes down to that point and then we
just push that all the way there we go
we've done it we have done it so is that
the final puzzle potentially I'm not
sure what the cloud does oh yeah look
this is how you beat the game we now
have that so we can go to the end and is
that the end yay we completed it a game
by fleb thank you for playing the game
take care cheers fleb that was really
fun and it was free yeah very nice game
hope you guys enjoyed we completed 20
small mazes peace love and that was
amazing cheers guys